[Music]
ohoho English Learner happy holidays
this is Ethan today we are learning with
a Christmas scene from friends let's get
into it our method for helping you
understand fast speaking natives is
simple first you will watch the scene
with subtitles then you will learn all
the most important vocabulary
expressions pronunciation cultural
context etc and finally you will test
your learning by watching it a final
time without subtitles our goal is for
you to understand almost a hundred
percent
[Music]
okay Pheebs you look at the kitchen I
will look at the back closet I can save
you time ladies I'm right here
Chandler why don't you take a walk this
doesn't concern you
presents from Monica what that's
terrible
no no we do it every year oh that makes
it not terrible oh yeah we never find
them
she's always bested us that wily minx
we're just gonna search here for an hour
and then we're gonna go over to Joey's
and search okay no not okay you can't
look for Monica's presents
I don't we have to no you don't have to
and you can't because I live here too
well then you should look with us
Jill aren't you worried about what to
get Monica for Christmas no I have a
great idea for a present for her oh
that's it a great idea
yeah that's not enough I mean what if
she gets you a great present two medium
presents and then a bunch of little
presents and you've just gotten her one
great present I mean that's just gonna
make her feel bad why would you do that
to her Chandler why why if I helped we
could find a faster
[Applause]
dear losers do you really think I'd hide
presents under the couch
yes Chandler I knew they'd break you oh
she may be on to us we are so gonna find
them this year you know you guys said
you're gonna go across the hall and look
you don't you don't do that every year
do you yeah you don't like going to the
back of my closet and look under my gym
bag or anything no no never do that joy
gave me some such a story that I've
never seen before in my life okay that
did not just happen
hey this is Hollow
what all right wait a minute wait no we
can't do this I don't want to know what
Monica got me you know I mean look I'm
sure she worked really hard at getting
me a present didn't wanting to surprise
me and you guys are gonna ruin that and
then look we have to put these back this
is not what Christmas is about
whatever Linus I'm opening my
nobody is opening anything okay I don't
know about you guys but I want to see
the look on Monica's face when I give
her my present and I'm sure she wants to
see the look on my face when I get mine
so please please can we just we put them
back will you get us better gifts fine
you found the presents Chandler you let
him find the presents great do you know
how long it took me to find you that
water purifier that's what you got me oh
yes I see what you mean that look is
priceless do you want to learn laughs
and understand the jokes well be sure to
give us a like and hit that subscribe
button
also remember to hit the bell so you can
be the first person to get our newest
lessons okay okay okay did you look in
the kitchen I will look at the back
closet closet small room with a door
used for storing things especially
clothes you probably have one of these
in your bedroom I can save you time
ladies I'm right here save you time here
Chandler is jokingly implying that the
girls went to his apartment looking for
him when you say save someone time that
means you are helping that person not
waste or use their time on something the
same expression can be used with money
or other words example gas have been
really expensive lately so I've decided
to start going to work by bus and it
just saves me a ton of money Chandler
why don't you take a walk take a walk to
go outside and walk for pleasure rather
than to go somewhere specific example my
grandpa goes out every morning and takes
a walk around the block however when
used as a command as it is here it can
be demanding or even insulting way to
tell someone to leave example we don't
need your help
take a walk she's always bested us that
wily minx that's someone to defeat
someone as an opponent example sure
invested the other competitors and
easily won the race wily minx minx as an
often insulting way to describe a woman
it can mean that she is promiscuous that
is she has sex with many partners is
disrespectful or as in this scene is
cunning that is skillful
at deceiving others wily is an in common
word of meaning deceitful minx is
usually collocated with an adjective
like wily or saucy search here for an
hour and then we're gonna go over to
Joey's and search okay yeah go over to
somewhere to move or travel to a place
or near something example we went over
to John's for dinner last night
not okay you can't look for Monica's
presents although we have to no you
don't have to oh no we have to
although we have to know you don't have
to and you can't because I live here too
well I have a great idea for a present
for her
oh that's it a great idea that's it a
great idea and you've just gotten her
one great present right that's just
gonna make her feel bad why would you do
that to her Chandler Chandler why would
you do that Chandler why why if I helped
we could find a faster fine hell we
could find a faster if I helped we could
find a faster we have a live one Phoebe
here makes a funny use of an expression
that is commonly heard in fishing when
you assume that a fish is dead when
suddenly it starts flapping also in the
military when one unexpectedly finds a
wounded but alive soldier among the dead
bodies Macy's a popular American
department store mainly specializing in
clothing items
dear losers do you really think I'd hide
presents under the couch to hide to put
something or someone in a place where
that thing or person cannot be seen or
found example dogs like to hide bones
inside of holes losers
other than the literal meaning of not
being a winner in a game
this can be an insult used to tell
somebody that they are not cool or
popular Monica obviously uses it
jokingly here example I can't believe
that loser actually watched all the Star
Wars movies 50 times
I knew they'd break you break someone to
wear someone down in order to change
their mind about something example after
hours of torture the prisoner finally
broke and told them everything she may
be on to us be on to someone to be aware
of somebody's true intentions or actions
example the police started interrogating
him and he just knew they were on to him
you know you guys said you're gonna go
across the hall and look you don't you
don't do that every year dia yeah you
don't like going to the back of my
closet and look under my gym bag or
anything no no never do that
joy gave me some such a story that I've
never seen before my jailer was storing
something that that would be considered
embarrassing in his closet and he didn't
know the girls would find it so he lies
that I actually belonged to Joey based
on their reaction and his worry we can
imagine what kinds of things he might
have had in his closet yo do you want to
learn more about Christmas culture in
the United States well we have an entire
playlist of different English lessons
having to do with the holidays so be
sure to check that out up here okay this
is hollow hollow if something is Hollow
it has an empty space inside as opposed
to being solid example these chocolate
Easter eggs are hollow don't look
directly at them here Phoebe makes
another cultural reference possibly as a
joke there are some things that are said
that you shouldn't look directly at like
an eclipse because it'll hurt your eyes
this may be a reference to the famous
Indiana Jones movie Raiders of the Lost
Ark
wait wait a minute wait no we can't do
this I don't want to know what Monica
got me you know
I mean look I'm sure she worked really
hard at getting me a present didn't
wanting to surprise me and you guys are
gonna ruin that to ruin in this case
means to spoil or remove the value of
something example we went out to see the
Yankees last night but the rain totally
ruined the game look we have to put
these back this is not what Christmas is
about to put something back to return
something to its original location
example when you're done playing
remember to put the guitar back where
you found it
be what something is about when Chandler
says that this is not what Christmas is
about
he means that they shouldn't try and
find Monica's presents before she gives
them to them because it would ruin the
spirit of Christmas Christmas time that
is Christmas and the weeks before it in
general is characterized by values of
giving honesty and doing the right thing
whatever Linus I'm opening Linus
Rachel makes a reference to the
character from the comic book and
cartoon series Charlie Brown in the
movie a Charlie Brown Christmas Linus is
shown telling his friends what Christmas
is all about
so please please can we just we put them
back please we just put them back
[Music]
please we just we put them back
Chandler you let him find the presents
great do you know how long it took me to
find you that water purifier water
purifier device that purifies water
removing substances and contaminants
producing drinking water that is pure
enough for consumption and has a better
taste however it is not what one might
think of as an exciting gift as we can
see by Chandler's reaction that's what
you got me oh yes I see what you mean
that look is priceless to be priceless
literally if this means that something
is so precious or valuable that its
price cannot be determined in this case
Phoebe is making a more figurative use
of this term meaning to say as a joke
that the look on Chandler's face is just
as unique and special as he described
earlier although not in the way he
intended example gave me to travel
around Europe with my parents was
priceless
[Music]
okay did you look in the kitchen I will
look at the back closet I can save you
time ladies I'm right here
Chandler why don't you take a walk this
doesn't concern you
presents from Monica what that's
terrible
no no we do it every year oh that makes
it not terrible
no yeah we never find them
she's always bested us that wily minx
we're just gonna search here for an hour
and then we're gonna go over to Joey's
and search okay no not okay you can't
look for Monica's presents I don't we
have to no you don't have to and you
can't because I live here too well then
you should look with us Jill are you
worried about what to get Monica for
Christmas no I have a great idea for a
present for her oh that's it a great
idea
yeah that's not enough I mean what if
she gets you a great present two medium
presents and then a bunch of little
presents and you've just gotten her one
great present I mean that's just gonna
make her feel bad why would you do that
to her Chandler why why if I helped we
could find a faster dear losers do you
really think I'd hide presents under the
couch
yes Chandler I knew they'd break you
uh-oh she may be on to us we are so
gonna find them this year you know you
guys said you're gonna go across the
hall and look you don't you don't do
that every year dia yeah you don't like
going to back to my closet and look
under my gym bag or anything no no never
do that joy give me some such a store
that I've never seen before my life
okay that did not just happen okay this
is hollow what this bench its Hollow
what wait a minute no we can't do this
oh I don't want to know what Monica got
me you know I mean look I'm sure she
worked really hard at getting me a
present it didn't wanting to surprise me
and you guys are gonna ruin that and
then look we have to put these back this
is not what Christmas is about
whatever Linus I'm opening my
nobody is opening anything okay look I
don't know about you guys but I want to
see the look on Monica's face when I
give her my present and I'm sure she
wants to see the look on my face when I
get mine
so please please can we just put them
back will you get us better gifts fine
the present Chandler you let him find
the presents great do you know how long
it took me to find you that water
purifier that's what you got me oh yes I
see what you mean that look is priceless
I hope that you enjoyed this lesson and
my festivity here um I'm really wish you
a Happy Holidays we have another lesson
coming soon that will be all about
Christmas as well so be sure to hit
subscribe so that you can get alerted
about that also we have a free
three-part mini course teaching you with
one of the funniest ever scenes from
friends
you'll learn to understand 100% without
subtitles click to check that out and
sign up also be sure to check out our
playlist of holiday lessons and I have
another video I think you'll really like
now go out there and kick ass with your
English happy Holi
[Music]